Arbos 51 min base fee update (#2987)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/for-devs/dev-tools-and-resources/partials/precompile-tables/_ArbGasInfo.mdx

          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>

>       <td>GetGasBacklog gets the backlogged amount of gas burnt in excess of the speed limit</td>

Author: ```suggestion
      <td>GetGasBacklog gets the backlogged amount of gas burnt in excess of the gas target</td>
```
```suggestion
      <td>GetGasBacklog gets the backlogged amount of gas burnt in excess of the gas target</td>
```
